[school bell tolls]
‐‐Huh?
‐‐Ahh!
Lady Rika just arrived!
Good tidings to you.
[STUDENT C, D]
Good tidings to you!
Lady Rika looked directly
into my eyes and spoke to me!
Good tiding‐‐
How's your morning, Rika?
By the look of you, it seems
as if it's going quite well.
Satoko.
Watch your tone, Ms. Hojo.
You need to show respect
when addressing someone
of Rika's stature.
Please pardon me, ladies.
I'm trying to
have a conversation
with my friend here.
If it offends you,
feel free not to take part.
Your lack of manners
is appalling!
Satoko.
I'm sorry.
We haven't had many
opportunities to talk lately,
I know, but I'll try to find
some time this after‐‐
Hey, Rika?
Don't you think your
Little Miss High Society act
is getting a bit old?
We both know you're not the
girl you're pretending to be.
Honestly, is this what I get
for putting myself through
all those years of studying?
And to think.
I did it to make
your dream come true!
Satoko, I...
I'm not doing this here.
My nose was buried in
those books for so long,
it's a miracle
I stayed sane somehow,
but I still forced myself
to do it for the sake
of your boarding school fantasy!
Satoko!
Our time at the village school
is behind us now.
You're a student
of St. Lucia Academy,
and if you mean to stay here,
it would behoove you
to comport yourself accordingly.
This is starting to sound like
the principal's boring speech
at the opening assembly.
[RIKA]
I'm saying this for your sake!
Right. Sure you are.
I swear, the nerve of her,
addressing Rika that way!
I understand the two of you
have been friends for some time,
but that hardly excuses her
making a spectacle in public.
I must insist that you refrain
from speaking ill of Satoko.
But, Rika...
She's gotten me out of
hundreds of tough situations.
When things are at their worst,
she always sets off the perfect
trap at the perfect time.
When you say, "trap"...
That's right.
She's quite a genius
with traps and pranks,
and in general.
In truth, Satoko's a more
impressive person than me
in most every way
I can think of.
Adjusting to this
environment is hard for her,
and the classes are more
rigorous than our old school.
Right now, she's not
showing her best side,
but please, try not
to judge her for it.
[sighs]
I swear.
I'm fed up with this place.
I get what's
going on here, Rika.
After you spent so
long in the countryside,
of course you'd be entranced
by this gaudy building
and all these frivolous rituals.
It'll pass soon enough.
'Cause I've played
with you in club,
and you were as
passionate as any of us
about goofing off.
You need to be
reminded of the fun
you had in Hinamizawa.
And then, you'll go back
to being the real Rika.
Good tidings to you, Lady Rika!
Good tidings to you.
[STUDENT B]
Lady Rika. Good tidings!
[RIKA]
Good tidings.
Oh, Rika.
You've clearly started
to forget yourself,
but you're about
to get a big reminder.
Huh?
[loud crashing]
[screaming]
[chortles]
Had you forgotten
the sting of defeat?
How does it feel?
[GIRL B]
Are you okay?
[gasps]
[TEACHER]
Such a childish prank.
Who would dare?
Get to the infirmary
immediately.
The rest of you,
to class, right now!
Hold on. But I...
didn't mean to hurt anybody.
Huh?
[TEACHER]
It's simply disgraceful.
Such a wanton act,
in these hallowed halls!
Do you girls have any idea
who could be responsible?
No, ma'am.
Very well, ladies.
Don't delay, please.
Head to class
once she's seen to.
[GIRL C]
Ma'am!
[TEACHER]
Hmm?
Can I help you?
Yes, ma'am. I think...
I might know
who was responsible.
[TEACHER]
Hmm?
Ms. Hojo.
You need to come with me.
You'll be staying a while.
It is my sincere hope
that you'll take this time
to reflect on the
choices you've made.
Choices? What did I do?
Enough. Another student told me
you delight in causing mischief,
with traps being your specialty.
We know you snuck out.
We have the footage.
You had both a motive
and an opportunity.
Would you care to
speak in your defense?
[TEACHER] Then I strongly urge
you to use this time alone
to think about what you've done.
[gasps]
Wait!
[TEACHER]
The sooner you see reason,
the sooner you can
rejoin your classmates.
Hold on. You can't do that!
I'm a student, not a prisoner!
How can you just lock
me up in a cell like this?
It's not right.
[SATOKO]
I shouldn't...
I shouldn't be here.
Why...? Why couldn't I...?
And if there's a way,
I really want you to be a part
of that dream too, Satoko.
It looks like that
stubborn streak of yours
is coming out again.
Why couldn't I just tell her no?
Why did I go along with her?
Fine, then, I'm with you.
Let's get into your
fancy‐pants school.
[sobs]
I gave up years of
my life for something
I never even wanted!
Let me take it back.
Please, let me start over!
I wanna make it
like it never happened!
[sobs]
So today is the day?
[TEACHER] As of the
beginning of your second year,
you're going to be
joining the Special Class.
You'll have the opportunity
to rejoin the Regular Class
if your grades
improve sufficiently,
so it would be wise to
take your studies seriously.
[SATOKO] If that was a joke,
it wasn't very funny.
[TEACHER] I have every
confidence that this is
within your capability,
provided you make the effort.
Do you?
Then why can't you
look me in the eye.
[gasps]
Mion sent this?
[SATOKO]
Hinamizawa Village School
Game Club Founders' Reunion?
"I'm sure we've all grown used
to how people live
in the real world."
[MION] "But as members
of the game club,
I hope you
remember what matters.
Victory at any cost!"
Let us meet again in Hinamizawa.
And revel once more
in the spilling of blood!
Okay, it's time.
Are you ready?
The war wagon is here to carry
you off to the field of battle.
And the school
even agreed to let us go.
[RIKA]
Mm‐hmm.
Good to hear it!
Then let's be off, ladies!
Onward, to the slaughter!
[MION]
Jeez.
You damn near
gave your Uncle Mion
a heart attack
growin' up that fast.
So hey, Rika.
How tough is it dealing
with all the attention you get?
I'd say you've done
quite a bit of growing up
yourself since last
we saw each other.
And you get at least as
much attention from Keiichi.
[laughs]
That's definitely
the Rika I remember.
It's good to know you haven't
changed that much
in all these years.
Mii. I may be a proper lady now,
but I'm still myself.
You're in college.
How's that been going for you?
Aren't Keiichi and Rena both
going to the same
school as you now?
That's right.
We're at Gogura U.
It was a lot of fun,
getting to introduce
my two favorite rookies
to the game club
for the second time.
And now the three of you
have the entire campus
at your mercy.
We just need you two.
Meaning, you better
hurry up and graduate.
Make it through St. Lucia,
and you can walk right
through the door at Gogura.
Speaking of the others.
I had forgotten to ask
where they're going
to be meeting us.
Actually, come to think of it,
I never asked you what our
plans for the day were, either.
[MION]
Wait. Wasn't it in the letter?
Huh?
It's the official Village School
game club founders' reunion.
You know what we're doing.
And you know where.
That's right!
Hinamizawa.
You don't know how much
I've missed you.
I'm so excited to
be here again! Ni‐paa!
[KEIICHI]
Hey, Satoko and Rika are here!
Awoo! It's good
to see you again!
I hope the ride wasn't too long.
It was far too long.
Mii. It was hard on her,
having to sit down so long.
It was!
You would know if you'd
ever shared a small space
with anyone who drools
and snores as much as you.
Awoo! Make her stop!
Rena, Satoko is
being mean to me!
Awooo!
I don't care how much you
snore and drool and cry!
You'll always
be the cutest, Rika!
It seems Rena still
punches above her weight.
But why did she hit me?
Now, let's do what
we came here for.
All right, club is
in session for today!
Is everybody in agreement?
[ALL]
Aye!
We've got one day,
and we're gonna
use every minute of it!
Wouldn't have it any other way!
So, what are we doing first?
Let's see.
There it is!
Heh. Now it's official.
We've got the whole club here.
[KEIICHI]
Oh, no way!
You can recognize an old friend
from behind, can't you?
I remember that crease!
[ALL 4]
That's the six of spades!
Good work!
Even after all this time,
none of you have lost a step.
Our first game of
the day is Millionaire!
House rules are
the same as always.
What better way to get started
than by busting
out the old deck!
Hang on.
When you refer to "house rules,"
you mean playing dirty?
What was rule number two?
Do anything and
everything in your power
to claim victory! Always!
A dirty win is better
than a fair loss!
That's the only way
the five of us can play!
[gasps]
[chortles]
That's perfect!
Restricting ourselves
to conventional tactics
wouldn't do at all!
And penalties are
on the table, of course.
[RIKA]
How are we handling those?
[chuckles]
The same way we used
to do it back in the day!
We all write down
our punishments,
and whoever loses the
game picks one out of a hat.
[chortles]
Then I'll put down
the worst thing
I can possibly think of
and go after Keiichi!
Now that I know your plan,
I can turn it around on you!
I'm sure this will be
great fun to watch.
Ni‐paa!
[MION]
Let's do it!
[ALL]
Yeah!
Good try, Rena,
but I got there first.
Awoo... Looks like
I lost this time.
"Pretend to be a maid"?
I don't even know where
to start with doing that!
Forgive me, Master!
Honestly, I'd say that
was more than adequate.
[RENA]
I won't lose again!
Hey, looks like I'm out! Yes!
Sometimes your luck is too
awful to be overcome by tactics.
"Talk like you're
our little sister?"
Please pick a better
penalty, big brother.
[MION
"Put on your school swimsuit"?
Ugh! Dammit, I wrote
this down for Kei!
Hang in there, Rika.
We still gotta make
Kei lose at least once!
Heck yeah!
The wins just keep comin'!
Better luck next time, Rika!
Well then.
Rules are rules.
Mii. Mii! Mii! Mii!
Awoo! You're too cute!
I wanna take you home with me!
Mii. And meow
you're the only one left
who can avenge me, Rena!
[RENA] Awoo!
I'll give it my all!
Awoo! Awoo! Awoo!
[KEIICHI] You would even
turn Rena against me, huh?
Let's see how you like this!
Revolution!
No!
I declare a
Counter‐Revolution, Master!
Can this be how it ends?
Mii. There goes my last card.
Looks like that's it.
Yeah, me too. I'm all done.
Yes, that'll do it.
[KEIICHI growls]
Crap!
Man. I was on a crazy winning
streak, right up until the end.
Ugh!
Not that there's any doubt,
but did you all write
down the same penalties
you used back then?
Yeah, I guess we did.
I know I went with the usual.
I'm so screwed, aren't I?
"Every penalty
handed out today"?
You seriously expect
me to do that?
For starters, where do you
think we're gonna find
a school swimsuit
I can wear right now?
What's wrong with this one?
I would be totally cool
with letting you borrow it.
[RIKA] And I'm sure my kitty
ears will fit you just fine.
Ni‐paa!
No fleeing the battle, Keiichi!
I can't let you leave,
brother dear.
Good work, Satoko!
As you should expect.
Now, Keiichi, time to settle
down and be a good boy.
Um, I apologize for my conduct.
Forgive me, Master!
[MION] Man, I'll never forget
seeing you in that swimsuit.
[sighs]
Happy to amuse you.
Poor, poor, pitiful Keiichi!
Hey, it's okay!
I thought you...
you looked really cute.
Right, and you
sound really sincere.
Yeah, I know.
But honestly,
it was such a good idea
to get everyone together
here at the schoolhouse
for a whole day of games!
[KEIICHI]
Mm. I'm glad I came.
[MION]
Mm.
Yes, I had fun.
So what's next?
Do we have plans for
the evening as well, Mion?
Yeah, back in Okinomiya.
We'll be hitting up
Angel Mort for dinner.
Shion'll be there.
[KEIICHI]
Awesome!
And you're obviously
gonna be buying, right, Mion?
"Obviously," huh?
Though I guess I owe
you for the eye candy.
So sure. It's on me.
[RENA]
This is the best day ever!
[MION]
We're all good with that right?
Then hop in!
We're leaving already?
Even though we
just got back here?
What's up, Satoko?
Actually, I had been hoping
to take a walk
around Hinamizawa.
Uh. Want us to come with?
[chortles]
No, that's all right,
I'd prefer if it was
just the village and me.
Go ahead, I can
come give you a ride
to Angel Mort
whenever you're ready.
Just give 'em a call.
[SATOKO]
Thank you.
Stay safe, okay?
I'll see you at
the restaurant, then.
Yes, I'll be
looking forward to it.
[VILLAGER B]
Heard they're knockin' down
the old schoolhouse.
It was a long time comin',
seein's how the building's
hardly been worked on
since it was a
Forest Service office.
[VILLAGER A] Oh my goodness,
is that little Satoko?
Pardon. What happened
to this building?
[VILLAGER A]
Ah, that blizzard hit last year
and the whole thing caved in.
It was in a bad state already,
what with nobody
livin' there and all.
Oh yeah.
[SATOKO]
I remember this place.
Once, when I was little,
I got up on the roof
and snuck inside.
Lord Oyashiro
must have been mad.
It was years ago, so hopefully,
he's gotten over it now.
[high‐pitched sound]
[SATOKO]
What is that sound?
How odd.
Is it in here?
[gasps]
What's happening?
[high‐pitched sound]
[gasps]
[???]
It has been far too long.
Child of man.
[RIKA] Next time:
Satokowashi‐hen, Part Four.